So let's go into Storage Gateway
and we'll have a look at just how to create a gateway.
So here we have a gateway name.
So I'll call this one Demo Gateway,
and let's look at the options.
So we have the Amazon S3 file gateway,
which is to access files in Amazon S3 directly through NFS
or SMB file protocol and has local caching.
We have FSX, but this is grayed out
because this is going away, so forget about it.
Then, we have tape gateway and volume gateway.
So I just wanna show you the quick options of all of these.
So for Amazon S3 file gateway,
we can host it in several different ways.
We can host it on VMware, on Microsoft Hyper-V,
on Linux KVM, or on Amazon EC2.
And if you launch on Amazon EC2,
that means that your caching and your gateway
is going to be within your accounts of AWS,
which may or may not be desirable.
But if you use any of these, for example, VMware,
Microsoft Hyper-V, or Linux KVM,
that means that you can set up
the storage gateway directly on premises
in your data center.
And so therefore, the Amazon S3 data
is going to live closer to your servers.
So this may be more desirable or less based
on your use case.
For the other options, we have tape gateway.
Again, we have different platform options,
and this is to confirm to have
a tape archive using ISCI-VTL,
and to store these tapes in Amazon S3 Glacier.
And finally, volume gateway to have block storage volume,
but backed by Amazon S3.
So here we can see the two options that we like.
We have cached volume and stored volume.
So cache volume is your primary data is stored in Amazon S3,
and your frequently accessed data is retained locally
in the cache for low-latency access.
And stored volume, where your entire dataset
is stored locally, and then it's synced asynchronously
to Amazon S3.
So you have to choose, and for these,
you have different options, like waffle platforms.
But that's it, all the options
I wanted to show you for Storage Gateway.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.